http://ask.uwindsor.ca::ask.uwindsor - support home page skip navigation future students student life overview athletics + recreation services lancers varsity sports university players soca concerts & events student accessibility services events calendar residence food services student support research overview vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs continuing education registrar's office faculties arts, humanities + social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science academic support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost about overview senior administration virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine current students · alumni + donors · faculty + staff · ask.uwindsor search about academics research student life current students alumni + donors faculty + staff ask.uwindsor future students your browser either does not have javascript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of javascript to be used well on this site. sign in or sign up search find articles for screen reader users press enter to select a all students. all students this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all students screen reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all topics search by keyword search welcome to ask.uwindsor, we're here to help. search our ‘knowledge articles’ for information or ask a question for our dedicated staff to answer. all popular articles what programs do you offer? undergraduate programs the university of windsor offers more than 200 undergraduate programs, which all our programs combine both academic and relevant experience to prepare you to gain a competitive advantage in the real-world.... how do i sign in to uwinsite student? to sign in to uwinsite student 1. in your web browser, preferably google chrome, go to www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. 2. click the blue sign in to uwinsite student button. 3. on the sign in screen, enter (or select)... how do i activate my uwin account for the first time? your uwin account is your personal digital identification for accessing several online services at uwindsor. applicants need to activate their uwin account prior to accessing uwinsite student (undergraduates) or egas (graduates). to... how do i change my name with uwindsor? preferred first name uwindsor recognizes that some students prefer to be addressed by names other than their legal first names. for this reason, the university allows you to designate a preferred first name. for example: a student’s legal name is... how do i know when to register for classes? you will be assigned a registration appointment time based on your program and level of study. your registration appointment time is when you can start to enroll in classes through uwinsite student. as a registration period approaches, you have a couple... how do i receive an enrolment verification letter? proof of enrolment is often required by financial institutions, government agencies, insurance companies or employers. the university of windsor offers an enrolment verification letter (no charge) and an enrolment certificate. please... what is the uwindsor tuition guarantee? the university of windsor’s tuition guarantee allows all international students to be assured of their tuition by seeing stability in base tuition for their program duration. please note: this excludes those covered by the us... how do i extend my uwin account? if you have accepted an offer of admission to uwindsor, you can extend your uwin account. extending your uwin account gives you access to: your uwindsor email account the university’s student information system, uwinsite student the... how do i find my tuition fees for this semester? tuition fees are posted in uwinsite student and payment is due as follows: semester fees posted in uwinsite student by fee payment deadline winter december 1 december 15 intersession/summer may 1 may 15... how do i apply to graduate? you must apply to graduate through uwinsite student whether or not you plan to attend a convocation ceremony. if you do not apply to graduate, you will not receive your diploma or degree notation on your final transcript. the application to... show more published answers do you have a technology related question? uwin account sign in questions? mfa issues? other it challenges? please contact the it service desk by opening a ticket or visiting our live chat. it service desk future students ask your questions in real time to our student ambassadors during the hours listed below. live chat future students chat hours are: monday - thursday: 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm est international course-based masters chat hours are: monday - friday 9:00 am - 4:00 pm est it is currently sunday, aug 07, 2022 07:10 pm edt contact us university directory accessibility services news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students