https://www.uwindsor.ca/?q=dailynews::dailynews skip to main content systems outage information: click here to visit uwindsorsupport.ca university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews in this section current issue search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic sign up to subscribe contact dailynews friday, jul 29th, 2022 previous editions fri. jul 29th, 2022 thu. jul 28th, 2022 wed. jul 27th, 2022 mon. jul 25th, 2022 fri. jul 22nd, 2022 current issue search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic sign up to subscribe contact dailynews friday, jul 29th, 2022 previous editions fri. jul 29th, 2022 thu. jul 28th, 2022 wed. jul 27th, 2022 mon. jul 25th, 2022 fri. jul 22nd, 2022 sociology professor glynis george has been awarded a grant from the social sciences and humanities research council to conduct interviews with migrant farm workers and their service providers to find ways to close gaps in services. photo by erwan hesry (unsplash). research seeks to improve lives of migrant workers jul 29th, 2022 a uwindsor sociology professor is embarking on research intended to improve the lives of migrant farm workers in canada. glynis george is examining supports for guest workers to identify ways to close gaps in service. it’s part of a larger project also involving researchers from western university working across southwestern ontario in niagara, haldimand-norfolk, and windsor-essex — the regions with the highest concentration of migrant farm workers in the province. researchers aim to conduct interviews with 200 workers and service providers in each region over the next three years. “migrant workers are entitled to certain benefits, and in many cases, they aren’t getting them,” said dr. george. “these workers contribute significantly to food security in canada, to the agricultural industry in canada and locally, and to the local economy, yet their health, safety, and well-being is often at risk.” canada’s agricultural sector, including greenhouses in essex county, is reliant on offshore workers. the seasonal agricultural workers program — one of several streams that bring temporary workers to canadian farms — brings about 60,000 workers to the country each year. a testament to how important these workers are to canada’s economy, the federal government exempted migrant farm workers from travel bans during covid-19 restrictions. “the pandemic shed light on various gaps in health, legal, and social services for this group,” george said. in response to high infection rates on farms and greenhouse operations, the federal government in 2021 put $58.6 million toward increased inspections and creating a national housing standard, and another $7.4 million to agencies that support migrant workers. “there is an urgent need for evidence to inform effective service delivery, and to ensure government investments are translated into better outcomes for migrant agricultural workers,” george said. migrant workers have limited labour protections and are often exploited, she said. because of the long hours they work and language barriers, they often don’t get the support to which they are entitled. “while they are in canada, separated from their families, they have a limited sense of belonging in the communities where they work and live, and may experience subtle and explicit discrimination, in addition to geographic and social isolation.” the researchers hope to find examples of best practices that can be shared widely and form public policy across the country. the project is being funded over three years by a $200,000 grant from the social sciences and humanities research council of canada. george said this project is a natural progression in her research with migrant worker populations locally. she said she is looking forward to working with the windsor essex local immigration partnership. “this project is very focused on workers,” she said. “it will allow me to make connections across the regions.” —sarah sacheli an open house in the centre for engineering innovation today will display fourth-year capstone projects, like this entry in the intercollegiate rocket engineering competition. photo by naomi pelkey. engineering student projects promise benefits to local community and industry jul 29th, 2022 hundreds of engineering students will display projects today — friday, july 29 — that have real-world applications and the potential to benefit the community and local industry. the capstone projects by fourth-year engineering students range from developing a rapid, robust, low-cost solution for specialty wheelchair seat design and manufacturing; sign language recognition system using deep learning; experimental sounding rocket association’s intercollegiate rocket engineering competition; and design of automated control systems and connected vehicle system for the gordie howe international bridge. students will present their projects to industry partners and faculty during an open house between 9:30 a.m. and 1 p.m. on the first floor of the ed lumley centre for engineering innovation. the team-based projects are the culmination of the undergraduate program and a requirement for degree completion. students combine technical skills and hands-on experience acquired during their program and design a project related to their chosen discipline. projects within the departments of civil and environmental engineering; electrical and computer engineering; and mechanical, automotive and materials engineering will be on display. open-licensed digital content informed texts for two new courses developed by jacqueline lewis. new courses apply virtual learning strategies to explore topics in death, drug policies jul 29th, 2022 flexibility is the key to new courses developed by uwindsor professor jacqueline lewis — one on death and dying and one on drugs and drug policy. dr. lewis and her project team, with the support of the office of open learning, created digital content for the online or hybrid courses and accompanying textbooks, funded by $146,746 in grants through the ontario government’s virtual learning strategy. “prior to covid-19 i had been reimagining the ways i approach teaching to better respond to the evolving ways students learn, as well as their changing interests and needs,” lewis says. “remote teaching during the pandemic provided me with the opportunity to further explore some of these ideas, supported by the ecampusontario funding.” the courses were designed with both instructors and students in mind. lewis’s goal was to develop open-licensed digital content providing instructors with flexibility in the way the courses are offered and students with flexibility in how they can meet their individual learning needs and degree requirements. she invites all university of windsor students to consider enrolling. “i think students will find these courses engaging and will also appreciate that all course materials are freely available to access,” she says. versions of the ecampus courses are now incorporated into uwindsor programs of study, including general social science, sociology, political science, and the new interdisciplinary health sciences program. each is offered with a choice of two course designations enabling students to fulfill their degree requirements. in fall 2022, “sacr/sosc3150 on death & dying” is offered as a hybrid online asynchronous/face-to-face class. students will explore topics related to the study of death and dying, including historical and cross-cultural perspectives, genocide, plagues and pandemics, palliative care and hospice care, medical assistance in dying, grief and bereavement, memorials and commemoration, and death planning. in winter 2023, “sosc/pols3330 psychoactive substance use & social policy” is offered as a fully online asynchronous course. it will consider social factors affecting understanding of psychoactive substances (e.g., alcohol, tobacco, cannabis, opiates, cocaine, psilocybin, club drugs, etc.), their use and relevant social policy, and how these have changed over time. both courses combine readings and multimedia resources from a variety of sources and are designed to stimulate critical and personal reflection on complex and challenging issues. the only prerequisite for either is fifth semester or higher standing. the lancer men’s basketball team will take on the huskies of northern illinois university in pre-season exhibition play tuesday, aug. 2. men’s basketball team to host american competitor jul 29th, 2022 the lancer men’s basketball team will take on the huskies of northern illinois university in pre-season exhibition play tuesday, aug. 2. it’s the return of the ncaa/oua tip-off classic, an annual tradition for the windsor side. admission is free and game time is 7 p.m. come on out, fans, and cheer on your squad! the game is set for the dennis fairall fieldhouse, as the installation of audio-visual equipment has made the new gym in the toldo lancer centre unavailable. the university has declared a conference table with monitor surplus to its needs and available for purchase. university offers conference table with monitor for sale by bid jul 29th, 2022 the university has declared a conference table with monitor for sale by bid as disposal file 1063. the semi-circular table measures 94" long by 69" wide; attached is a raisable 60" lcd monitor with hard-wired electronics. click here for details. contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram