https://www.uwindsor.ca/vp-equity-diversity-inclusion/::office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion skip to main content systems outage information: click here to visit uwindsorsupport.ca university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about anti-racism organizational change engagement survey mental health strategy human resources ohrea contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about anti-racism organizational change engagement survey mental health strategy human resources ohrea contact us welcome! over the last year the office of the vice-president, equity, diversity and inclusion has continued to grow and evolve with the aim of fostering a working and learning environment where everyone feels welcomed, included, safe and that they belong. equity, diversity and inclusion (edi) must be at the center of everything that we do at the university of windsor. to support building a more people centric organizational culture and healthier work environment, the department of human resources was brought into the edi umbrella this spring as well as the director, organizational development and training reporting directly to me. the human resources departments of today must be intentional in resisting the perpetuation of systemic barriers in employee recruitment, hiring, retention and development, as well as in enforcing human resources practices that create and reinforce an inclusive and equitable organizational culture. therefore, bringing the department of human resources under the vp edi portfolio is crucial to our success. collectively, we will be investing in people, enhancing communication, nurturing relationships and creating a stronger sense of connection, inclusion and wellbeing. these changes, together with our equity, diversity and inclusion and anti-racism change initiatives that are underway will result in a campus environment we can all be proud of. i invite you to explore the website to learn about some of the strategic initiatives that we are currently focusing on and look forward to continuing to keep you informed about our progress towards a more inclusive, equitable and just environment for all. yours truly, dr. clinton beckford vice-president, equity, diversity and inclusion (acting) read previous messages from the vp edi learn about dr. clinton beckford equity is fundamentally about fairness. we will work to ensure fair treatment, equitable access to opportunities and equitable treatment under our policies and procedures. diversity is about the representation of difference. we are concerned with who is at the table and if the difference is accounted for. we will foster an environment in which differences are valued. inclusion is about belonging. do we all feel that we are a valued and respected part of the organization? we will foster an environment where everyone has a say. justice a just campus is a safe and secure place for all, with special attention to the powerless and most marginalized and disadvantaged. this requires an environment where policies and procedures are applied consistently and fairly. celebrating this month the banners posted below are intended to help raise awareness of specific groups, cultures or causes. this month we are proud to celebrate.... what's new development of a mental health strategy for employees launched contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram