https://future.uwindsor.ca/see-you-on-campus-register-to-win?utm_source=uwindsor-main-see-you-on-campus&utm_medium=web&utm_campaign=see-you-on-campus-june-2022&utm_id=see-you-on-campus-june-2022::<iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-m73xp8n" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> see you on campus, register to win contest - you could win an iphone 13, a fully-loaded uwin cash card or many other great prizes the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students see you on campus register to win we’re so excited to see all classes returning to in-person learning. we want to help you celebrate coming to campus this fall with great prizes. how do i win? what can i win? prizes uwindsor will be giving away thousands of dollars in prizes this fall to help first-year undergraduate students like you start their term with the latest technology and a fully-loaded uwin card to pay for other necessities around campus. be sure to register for your fall 2022 classes and opt-in to the contest before august 12, 2022 to be entered in the draw! first prize: iphone 13 keep track of your course work and keep in touch with all of your new friends you've made on campus. how do i win? second prize: remarkable 2 tablet take notes at your on-campus classes with the only tablet that feels like paper. how do i win? third prize (1 of 5): lululemon new crew backpack 22l carry everything you need for a day of learning on campus. how do i win? other prizes (1 of 10): uwin cash cards pre-loaded uwin cash cards that you can use anywhere on and around campus. how do i win? previous next how to enter follow the steps below to enter for your chance to win. accept your offer of admission if you haven’t done so already you’ll need to accept your offer of admission. you can follow the link below to learn how to accept your offer. if you’ve already accepted your offer you can start picking and registering for courses. how do i accept my offer plan your program the link below lists courses available to first-year undergraduate students, provides a guide to most course selections and outlines options or recommendations for other courses. plan your program register your courses after planning out your courses you can visit student.uwindsor.ca where you’ll be able to register your course selections. get the best selection by registering as early as possible. how to register your courses opt-in with your uwindsor email your uwindsor email address* fill in your uwindsor email address here (example: you@uwindsor.ca) see you on campus, this fall! follow the steps above, you’ll be notified by email if you win. good luck! contest rules & restrictions can be found here contest rules & restrictions see you on campus, register to win contest rules & regulations contest the university of windsor office of enrolment management (“university”) is the sponsor of the plan your program-fall 2022 contest (“contest”). this contest will begin june 2, 2022, at 9:00 am eastern time (et) and end august 12, 2022, at 11:59 am et (“contest period”). eligibility, how to enter no purchase necessary. limit one entry per person. this contest is open to legal residents of canada, excluding quebec, who have reached the age of majority in their province or territory at the time of entry. the contest is open to all new undergraduate students. entrants may enter this contest by completing all the following: accept their university of windsor offer of admission for fall 2022. register for fall 2022 classes. opt-in to the contest by completing the contest entry form at https://future.uwindsor.ca/see-you-on-campus-register-to-win entrants will receive one (1) entry to the contest. entrants agree that the university shall be permitted to publish the names of all prize winners. how to win one (1) winner will be randomly selected from all eligible entries on july 8, 2022 for each available prize. odds of winning depend on the number of valid entries received. the winners will be notified through their uwindsor email address used to enter the contest. if a winner fails to respond to or claim their prize as outlined in the notification to the winner, the winner will forfeit their prize and an alternative winner will be selected by from the remaining eligible entries. all prizes must be claimed by december 2, 2022. all winners must, as a condition of winning a prize, correctly answer, the university’s time-limited, skill testing question to be administered by the office of enrolment management. prizes the available prizes are: one (1) x apple iphone 13 (approx. value $1099 cad); one (1) x tablet (approx. value $678 cad); five (5) x lululemon backpack (approx. value $490 cad); and ten (10) x $100.00 uwin card. the prizes must be accepted as awarded. no substitutions of the prizes are permitted except by the university at its discretion. prizes are non-transferrable and are not redeemable for cash or credit, in whole or in part. general rules by participating in this contest, each entrant and winner agrees to: be bound by these official contest rules and regulations, and the decisions of the university; and release and hold harmless the university of windsor, its board of governors, officers, employees, and agents, including without limitation their advertising and promotion agencies, from and against any and all liabilities, losses, claims, causes of action, suits, covenants, debts, contracts, demands, costs and expenses, including lawyer’s fees and litigation expenses, whatsoever, to which any of them may become subject arising from any action or omission by the entrant, including but not limited to, claims based on negligence, breach of contract and fundamental breach and liability for physical injury, death or property damage which the entrants or his or her administrators, heirs, successors or assigns might have or could have, by reason of or arising out of the entrant’s participation in the contest and/or in connection with the acceptance and/or use by the entrant of the prize awarded, and the winner agrees to sign a written release confirming same. the decisions of the university in relation to this contest will be final and binding on all entrants. the university reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate, suspend, or modify this contest at any time without prior notice or if it determines that for any reasons the contest cannot be run as originally planned or if fraud or any other occurrence compromises the fairness or integrity of the contest. each prize claimed is subject to verification by university and/or its designated representatives. entries made with multiple accounts, under multiple identities, or with any device or other method to enter multiple times or entries that are more than the permitted number of entries are automatically void. all contest entries obtained through unauthorized sources, or which are incomplete or in any way not in compliance with these official contest rules and regulations are automatically void. the university is not responsible for lost or late entries. the university is not responsible for any miscommunications, failed communications systems, software malfunctions, or for any human errors in connection with this contest. the information collecting in connection with this contest is collected under the authority of the university of windsor act, 1962-63 and will be used solely in connection with administration of the random draw including the notification of winner. if an entrant has any questions in connection with the collection of their information, they may contact zora savic, student events and communications coordinator, zora@uwindsor.ca, 519-253-3000 ext. 3933. this contest is subject to all applicable laws of the province of ontario and the laws of canada, as well as these official contest rules and regulations. this contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or associated with, apple inc., remarkable, or lululemon athletica inc. head start orientation we offer a variety of services to ease the transition for incoming students head start summer orientation program is designed for new students who are embarking on their post-secondary experience here at the university of windsor. upcoming head start dates head start 2022 in person dates friday, july 8th, 2022: science & education day saturday, july 9th, 2022: fahss & education day friday, july 15th, 2022: nursing, hk & business day friday, july 22nd, 2022: engineering day saturday, august 6th, 2022: general & mature, transfer, part-time day head start 2022 online program date friday, august 12th, 2022: general day head start program includes: faculty presentations sessions for you and your parents, guardians or supporters to learn about life at uwindsor a campus resources fair to ensure you haven’t missed anything learn about some of the major differences between high school and university discover ways to get involved on campus connect with academic advisors visit head start uwindsor prep program refresher classes to prepare incoming students for success! short, non-credit prep-courses designed to refresh students’ skills and provide a taste of what classes will bring in the fall take one, a few, or all of the prep-classes to get ahead and be prepared for the beginning of your uwindsor classes each course is designed to provide a review of grade 12 curriculum and build the skills students will need in first-year classes sign-up for prep program questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor for help virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter student support services: we offer many student support services that are important to your success. ask.uwindsor live chat: ask current students questions or search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions. contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students close