https://future.uwindsor.ca/plan-your-program?utm_source=uwindsor-main-plan-your-programs&utm_medium=web&utm_campaign=plan-your-program-may-2022&utm_id=plan-your-program-may-2022::start planning your lancer journey - uwindsor the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students ready! set! register! plan your program @ uwindsor find your place returning, part-time, and mature student info sessions aug 10th @ 6:30pm sign-up now! sign-up now! let's choose your courses you may register beginning on may 26th, 2022 for fall 2022 as long as the university has received your confirmation of our offer of admission. you will need your uwin id and password to access our student information platform, uwinsite student, where you will be able to register for your courses. here are some important dates for your registration plan: may 19th - shopping cart may 26th - registration opens this site lists courses available to first-year students, provides a guide to most first-year course selections and outlines options or recommendations for other courses. please use the online timetable for more information. the earlier you register, the better your chances are for getting the courses you want at the time you want to take them. if you are having any problems with the registration process, you can reach out through ask.uwindsor live chat or the registrar’s office. heads up: information on this site, including dates/times could change, be sure to check back often. let's get started skip to course selection ready to register having these items handy will make picking & registering for courses smoother a google chrome browser open to student.uwindsor.ca your registration guide your uwin id and password the fall 2022 timetable your uwindsor offer of admission letter academic calendars the university of windsor academic calendar is your source for official information about academic programs and regulations of the university of windsor. undergraduate academic calendar graduate academic calendar what's my program called? with all of the program options out there and all of the excitement of starting your post secondary career, it’s easy to get confused about what your program is called. your specific program name can be found on your uwindsor offer of admission letter as indicated in this diagram. before you start skip to course selection before you start selecting courses accept your offer of admission if you haven’t done so already you’ll need to accept your offer of admission. you can follow the links below to accept your offer. if you’ve already accepted your offer you can start picking and registering for courses. how do i accept my offer set up your multi-factor authentication (mfa) options uwindsor uses multi-factor authentication (mfa) to verify the identity of individuals accessing our protected online resources from off-campus. you need to set up your mfa options before extending your uwin account or signing in to uwinsite student to plan your courses. how to set up mfa options extend your uwin account & setup your uwindsor email by extending your uwin account you will gain access to your uwindsor email, the university’s online learning system, the leddy and law libraries, the full suite of microsoft products and other important campus resources. after you've extended your uwin account the university of windsor will send all email communications to your uwindsor email. extend my uwin account how to extend my account uwinsite student homepage activation wait for your student homepage in uwinsite student to be activated. you’ll know uwindsor has activated it when you can select “student homepage” in the drop down as shown below. uwinsite student shopping cart activation wait for your uwinsite student shopping cart to become active. you’ll know uwindsor has activated it when you see the small chevron next to class sections when using class search & enroll. skip to course selection course selection the information regarding programs and courses below are exclusively for first-year/first-term students starting their uwindsor undergraduate journey in fall 2022. what is your program? program name filter by faculty faculty arts, humanities + social sciences business education engineering human kinetics nursing science showing all results for fahss matching text art aeronautics leadership communication, media and film (honours or general) bfa honours in film production concurrent general b.a. (communication, media and film)/b.ed. concurrent general b.a. (drama)/b.ed. concurrent general b.a. (english language and literature)/b.ed. concurrent general b.a. (french studies)/b.ed. concurrent general b.a. (history)/b.ed. concurrent general b.math./b.ed. concurrent b.mus. in music education (hons) and b.ed. concurrent general b.a. (psychology)/b.ed./e.c.e. concurrent general science b.sc./b.ed. concurrent general b.a. (visual arts)/b.ed. concurrent honours modern languages with second language education (intercultural stream)/bachelor of education concurrent general b.a. (political science)/b.ed. criminology disability studies disability studies and psychology dramatic art (b.f.a.): acting drama in education and community dramatic art honours b.a. english english and creative writing family and social relations french studies greek and roman studies history (general & honours) interdisciplinary arts and science international relations and development studies law and politics liberal arts and professional studies media art histories and visual culture modern language german* modern language italian* modern language spanish* modern language (with year abroad)* modern language(s) and second language education* music b.mus. music b. mus., comprehensive music honours b.a. philosophy political science political science with french specialization psychology/child psychology/developmental psychology honours psychology - interdisciplinary health sciences social work social work and disability studies social work and women's studies sociology undeclared (first year only) visual arts (b.f.a.) visual arts and the built environment (vabe) women's and gender studies bachelor of commerce - honours business administration (including co-op) bachelor of commerce – honours business administration and economics bachelor of commerce – honours business administration and computer science (including co-op) bachelor of commerce - honours business administration and mathematics bachelor of commerce - honours business administration and psychology bachelor of commerce - honours business administration and political science bachelor of commerce - honours business administration and women’s & gender studies bachelor of applied science in engineering (honours) bachelor of applied science in engineering (basc) - undeclared bachelor of engineering technology (bengtech) bachelor of human kinetics (bhk) - honours kinesiology – movement science major bachelor of human kinetics (bhk) - honours sport management and leadership major bscn nursing b.sc. honours biological sciences b.sc. honours biomedical sciences b.sc. honours biomedical sciences (interdisciplinary health stream) b.sc. honours program in behaviour, cognition and neuroscience b.sc. honours biochemistry and biomedical science (health stream) b.sc. honours biology and biochemistry (health and biomedical stream) b.sc. honours biochemistry b.sc. honours chemistry bachelor of computer science (general) bachelor of computer science (honours) (with/without co-op) b.sc. honours computer science with software engineering specialization (with/without co-op) b.sc. honours computer information systems (with/without co-op) bachelor of computer science honours applied computing (with/without co-op) bachelor of arts economics general bachelor of arts economics honours bachelor of science economics honours b.sc. honours environmental science honours b.e.s. (bachelor of environmental studies) bachelor of forensic science combined b.a. in forensics b.sc. general science bachelor of mathematics (general and honours) bachelor of mathematics (honours mathematics and statistics) bachelor of mathematics (honours mathematics and computer science) bachelor of mathematics (honours mathematics with finance concentration) bachelor of mathematics (honours actuarial science) combined honours mathematics programs b.sc. honours physics (with/without co-op) b.sc. honours physics (medical physics) (with/without co-op) undeclared science if you’re having a hard time figuring out which courses to take or if you’re not sure if you’re on the right track reach out to us for help. talk to an academic advisor if you have program specific questions, and for general inquiries you can ask.uwindsor. talk to an advisor ask.uwindsor course options & requirements making sure you satisfy all of your course requirements can be tricky. we’ve made it easy by outlining what courses will fulfill elective requirements in the link below. optional requirements course descriptions understanding course codes all courses have a unique code made up ofthe subject code and the catalogue number. subject code listing subject codes subject codesacct - accountingacsc - actuarial scienceaero - aeronauticsanzo - anthrozoologyarab - arabic studiesargu - argumentation studiesarhs - art historyarsc - interdisciplinary arts and scienceartx - general arts exchangeasia - oriental studiesbioc - biochemistrybiol - biologybsmm - business - master of managementbusi - businessbusn - business electivebusp - business - professionals & mngrsbusr - business researchbusx - business exchangecasj - communication and social justicecbmi - cross border mgmt & intl tradecdns - canadian studieschem - chemistrycivl - civil engineeringcmaf - communication, media and filmcomp - computer sciencedias - diaspora studiesdigj - digital journalismdisb - disability studiesdram - dramatic artecon - economicseduc - educ org learning & teachingeenv - earth & environmental scienceelec - electrical engineeringengl - english language & literatureenve - environmental engineeringesci - earth & environmental scienceestu - environmental studiesfilm - film productionfina - financefren - french studiesfrsc - forensic sciencegart - general artsgeng - general engineeringgenx - engineering exchangeglie - environmental sciencegrek - greek language and literaturegrhs - greek and roman historygrmn - german language optiongrst - greek and roman studieshist - historyhkex - human kinetics exchangehugr - human geographyhumk - human kineticsincs - intercultural studiesinde - industrial engineeringitln - italian language optionjwst - jewish studieskine - kinesiologylatn - latin language and literaturelawd - dual canada/us jdlawg - lawlawm - law masterslaws - law servicelawx - law exchangeling - lingusticsmacs - media arts and culturemath - mathematicsmatl - engineering materialsmech - mechanical engineeringmgmt - management and labour studiesmktg - marketingmsci - management sciencemusc - music academic studiesmusp - music performance studiesnurs - nursingnurx - nursing exchangepgeo - physical geographyphil - philosophyphys - physicspols - political scienceproe - professional electivepsyc - psychologyresg - graduate researchsacr - sociology, anthropology, criminologyscie - general sciencescix - science exchangesjst - social justicesosc - general social sciencespan - spanish language optionstat - statisticssten - strategy & entrepreneurshipswrk - social workvabe - visual arts - built environmentvsar - visual artswgst - women's and gender studieswork - work employ issues more about course codes undergraduate calendar the university of windsor undergraduate calendar is your source for official information about the undergraduate academic programs and regulations of the university of windsor. visit the academic calendar registration guides multiple resources to help you with course registration watch our step-by-step video watch a current uwindsor student guide you along. registration videos read our step by step articles read through our many knowledge base articles. registration articles download our step by step pdf download, print and read our pdf guide. registration pdf questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor for help virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter student support services: we offer many student support services that are important to your success. ask.uwindsor live chat: ask current students questions or search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions. course registration webinars looking to learn more about how to register for courses? attend one of these sessions to learn how to choose and register for courses, get answers to your questions from academic advisors, and receive tips for academic success. monday, june 8 @ 2 pm est wednesday, june 10 @ 2 pm est friday, june 12 @ 2 pm est monday, june 15 @ 2 pm est wednesday, june 17 @ 2 pm est friday, june 19 @ 2 pm est attend webinar reasons to attend learn how to choose and register for courses get answers to your questions from academic advisors receive tips for academic success attend webinar head start orientation we offer a variety of services to ease the transition for incoming students head start summer orientation program is designed for new students who are embarking on their post-secondary experience here at the university of windsor. upcoming head start dates head start 2022 in person dates friday, july 8th, 2022: science & education day saturday, july 9th, 2022: fahss & education day friday, july 15th, 2022: nursing, hk & business day friday, july 22nd, 2022: engineering day saturday, august 6th, 2022: general & mature, transfer, part-time day head start 2022 online program date friday, august 12th, 2022: general day head start program includes: faculty presentations sessions for you and your parents, guardians or supporters to learn about life at uwindsor a campus resources fair to ensure you haven’t missed anything learn about some of the major differences between high school and university discover ways to get involved on campus connect with academic advisors visit head start uwindsor prep program refresher classes to prepare incoming students for success! short, non-credit prep-courses designed to refresh students’ skills and provide a taste of what classes will bring in the fall take one, a few, or all of the prep-classes to get ahead and be prepared for the beginning of your uwindsor classes each course is designed to provide a review of grade 12 curriculum and build the skills students will need in first-year classes sign-up for prep program contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students