https://www.uwindsorsupport.ca/::system outage | uwindsor support skip to main content future students ask.uwindsor ask.uwindsor future students uwindsor support in this section home student help faculty help staff help exams & timetables payroll faq home student help faculty help staff help exams & timetables payroll faq uwindsor support system outage system outage our i.t. services and related units are working their very hardest to fully resume services as soon as possible. click the appropriate link for information and help for your user group. latest updates: july 20, 3:20 p.m. as university systems and services are brought back online, all university-owned devices (including those purchased with research funds) must: have an approved endpoint protection (aep), currently sentinelone, installed have the updated globalprotect vpn installed and actively in use all uwin account holders will also need to comply with previously communicated authentication requirements. uwinid sign-in may be required. systems containing more sensitive data will only be accessible on a university-owned device that meets the above security requirements. this security shift is to help ensure the safety of our systems and is aligned with industry best practices. for details on commonly used uwindsor services and their security requirements for access on both university-owned and personal devices, please see this article. for applications anticipated to be restored in the next several weeks, please see this article. the it service desk can be contacted by opening a ticket, calling 519-253-3000 ext. 4440 or selecting the chat icon in the bottom right corner of uwindsor.ca/its or uwindsor.ca/itshelp.? we thank you for your continued support and patience with the ongoing restoration of all affected university systems and services.? july 19, 11:30 a.m. as you are aware, for the past several weeks, the university has been responding to a cyber security incident that occurred on june 20, 2022. upon learning of the incident, immediate steps were taken to secure our systems and mitigate the impact to our data and operations. we also immediately engaged an external team of cyber security experts to conduct a full investigation. the investigation is near completion, and we are pleased to report that our cyber security experts have confirmed that the personal data of campus users is secure and not at risk of misuse. we want to thank our staff and faculty for their tremendous efforts in devising and enacting contingency plans as we looked for ways to ensure the continuity of operations and scholarly activities during the outage. we also want to thank our team members in it services who have been working diligently to restore university systems to pre-incident functionality. please know that some systems may take some time for restoration, as it services works to certify steps are being taken to ensure the enhanced security and reliability of our systems for the future. we understand this may cause some inconvenience and frustration, but we appreciate your patience and support. it services will continue to provide updates regularly as systems are brought back online. we know that this has been a challenging period for many, and for security reasons, communications at times were limited. this incident has allowed us to re-examine our policies and procedures related to our digital infrastructure and we are making changes in these areas, including some that will require your cooperation and participation. cyber security is an area that affects all of us and taking proactive protective measures is sound practice for everyone. the university will be providing resources and training in the coming months to help provide you with the tools required to best mitigate any online risks, both in the workplace and at home. again, we thank you for your continued patience and support. july 8, 11:40 a.m. we are pleased to confirm that external internet access has been reinstated on campus. access to campus applications will now require a pc or mac with sentinelone installed on the computer. if working off-campus, the use of an updated university vpn that includes multi-factor authentication (mfa) will be required. please note that all campus applications may not still yet be available. sentinelone? please view the kba to see if sentinelone is installed on your system.? ?globalprotect vpn new university vpn users: view the kbas with instructions on how to install the global protect vpn. existing university vpn users: update the vpn per the kba, as mfa has been added and required for the login process. should you require help with the vpn, please contact the it service desk by opening a ticket, calling 519-253-3000 ext. 4440 or selecting the chat icon in the bottom right corner of uwindsor.ca/its or uwindsor.ca/itshelp. we thank you for your continued support and patience with the ongoing restoration of all affected university systems and services.? july 4, 9:45 a.m. we are pleased to share that the following university systems have now been restored: uwinsite student - student.uwindsor.ca blackboard - blackboard.uwindsor.ca university website - uwindsor.ca please note that while these systems are now accessible again, it services continues to actively monitor and adjust them as required in order to ensure they are returned to full functionality. should users experience issues with these systems, please contact the it service desk by opening a ticket or calling 519-253-3000 ext. 4440, or select the chat icon in the bottom right corner of the uwindsor self-service client portal page at www.uwindsor.ca/itshelp.? we thank you for your continued support and patience with the ongoing restoration of all affected university systems and services.???we will continue to provide regular updates. june 28, 11:30 a.m. the university of windsor continues to experience a systems outage as a result of a cybersecurity incident. we thank our staff and faculty who have been working diligently to ensure operations, research and scholarly activities continue to run as smoothly as possible, and to support our students through the?creation of solutions that mitigate the impact on teaching, learning and research. upon discovery of the incident, steps were immediately taken to secure our systems and mitigate the impact to our data and operations. a full investigation is being conducted with the support of leading external cybersecurity experts and it is our highest priority. this information portal (www.uwindsorsupport.ca) has been established to provide accessible information online. the site contains frequently asked questions, information and latest news updates for faculty, staff and students. in addition, a support mailbox (outage@uwindsor.ca) has been established to capture campus community questions and concerns. contingency plans have been put in place to ensure the continuity of operations and payroll processes so that employees are paid as scheduled (june 30, 2022). payroll frequently asked questions have also been added to the information portal. microsoft 365 (including outlook and teams) and external sites such as future.uwindsor.ca, ask.uwindsor.ca and uwinsite finance remain functional. in consultation with our cybersecurity experts, at present we have no reason to believe these types of connectivity are unsafe. ? to assist with efforts to securely restore service on campus, its continues to deploy sentinelone agent software across all devices connecting to university systems. if you see a notification of this, please restart your computer. if you do not see this message, please shut down your computer at the end of day (not “sleep” mode, but full “shut down”). upon reboot, you should be able to confirm installation. thank you for your support with this initiative. due to the systems outage, many enrolment services are affected. we continue to process applications and admit students to our academic programs following standard admission requirements. while confirming offers of admission and course registration processes are currently offline, alternative methods are being developed and will be communicated in the coming days.?we apologize for any inconvenience. enrolment services questions can be submitted via ask.uwindsor.ca. as we continue through this process, we will be sure to provide updates as appropriate.?thank you once again for your patience and efforts as we seek to address these challenges. june 22, 4:00 p.m. the university of windsor was recently subject to a cybersecurity incident, which affected our it systems. once we became aware of the incident, we immediately took steps to secure our systems and mitigate the impact to data and operations. a team of leading external cybersecurity experts was engaged to conduct a full investigation. this incident has affected some of our systems, including the uwindsor website, blackboard, uwin student site and other university systems, which are temporarily unavailable. we are working with staff to ensure they can continue operations, and with faculty and students to ensure they are able to complete course work and exams. faqs for students, faculty and staff are available. the investigation is ongoing and is our highest priority. we are committed to data safety and are taking this matter very seriously. we are using industry-standard security measures to ensure that our information systems and data are secured.