https://www.uwindsor.ca/node/648729::uwindsor student honoured with national fellowship | dailynews skip to main content university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section current issue search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic sign up to subscribe contact dailynews current issue search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic sign up to subscribe contact dailynews computer science student laila albalkhi is the first uwindsor student to win a 3m national student fellowship. uwindsor student honoured with national fellowship may 2nd, 2022 the uwindsor student community is more connected thanks to the leadership of laila albalkhi. the computer science major’s passion for leading student tech opportunities by connecting education and industry has won her recognition from the society for teaching and learning in higher education as one of its 2022 3m national student fellows. she will also have the opportunity to network among teaching fellows and student fellows at the national conference in ottawa this spring. the award comes with a cash prize of $1,000, recognition from the president of the stlhe, and a two-year society membership. phebe lam, acting associate vice-president, student experience, says she is delighted to see albalkhi represent the university at the national level. “laila’s accomplishment is a testimonial to uwindsor’s capacity to educate, endorse, and support student leaders,” she said. albalkhi agrees. she praised her mentors in the school of computer science, the faculty of science, the office of student experience, the student success and leadership centre, and the outstanding scholars program. nominator simon du toit called himself “thrilled” with the result, saying: “laila has innovated solutions to local social challenges, whilst also providing experiential learning opportunities for students that have real-world impact.” at first albalkhi said that winning the award “was a nice surprise,” but once she learned more about the fellowship, she realized how great of an opportunity this was going to be. “one of the main things that i hope to accomplish is bringing the things that i learned back to uwindsor so we can continue the success and connection with the stlhe.” she currently serves as president of the uwindsor chapter of the google developer student club, and acknowledged her predecessors. “i've had the great chance to meet leaders as a student in computer science like alumnus noah campbell, who has been such a great support system. he started the gdsc on campus, so i had the opportunity to talk to him and aislyn lewis-laurent, who was the gdsc leader after that.” the club boasts more than 550 graduate and undergraduate members participating in events such as community hackathons. the club website posts that the uwindsor chapter of the gdsc “is all about helping students build their skills and their resume with fantastic community projects and interesting workshops.” learn more on its discord server. albalkhi also has a record of advocacy, serving on the uwindsor senate, as an undergraduate representative in the school of computer science, as a senior member of the mayor’s youth leadership team, and as co-vice president of the outstanding scholars student council. founded in 2012, the student fellowship honours students who have demonstrated leadership and embrace a vision of education that enhances their academic experience and beyond. denise stockley, chair of the stlhe board of directors, praised recipients as showing promise and drive. “not only are they continuing to forge the path for their academic cohorts, but they’re also broadening the road for the many who will join them in their respective careers,” she said. —tim brunet laila albalkhi phebe lam simon du toit academic area: science computer science share tweet save project notifications erie hall - west stair tower 5 - closed for one week/ east stair tower 6 - closed for one month, monday, august 8 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, september 1, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. human kinetics - acoustic sound audit in first floor and duddy fitness centre (rooms 9 and 9a), monday, august 8, 2022, 4:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. revised: human kinetics - reception 100 - interior fixed windows, monday, august 8 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, august 9, 2022 at 4:30 p.m. lambton tower/erie hall - cold water outage/booster and piping repair, friday, august 5, 2022, 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram